Welcome to solution for the first sequel interview question.
So again we wanted to know what was wrong with this query.
If we take a look at it it looks like we are saying select ID.
So that's a column we're also griping the year from the trial date column saying as Trial year.
Note that I'm assigning an alias to the year of the trial date column than from payments.
And this is where the mistake happens.
I'm saying where a trial a year is less than or equal to 2015.
So the problem here is that trial year that alias is not actually going to be assigned until the end.
So you won't be able to use it as a filter on where instead you should be using on that where filter
something in the terms of where.
Year of trial day is less than or equal to 2015.
So a really common stake for beginners of Eskew our sequel is that they end up trying to use the aliases
they assign in other filters or lines of code such as the WHERE statement or group by statements.
Again you usually can't do that.
You need to actually put in the function and the column you're applying it to.
All right.
I'll see you at the next lecture.